anonymize_mailbox                     A tool to anonymize mailboxes
grepmail                              The main program
README                                Read this first
MANIFEST                              This file
CHANGES                               A change history
LICENSE                               A copy of the license
Makefile.PL                           Makes the makefile
FastReader/Makefile.PL                FastReader Makefile.PL
FastReader/FastReader.pm              FastReader stub .pm file
FastReader/Changes                    FastReader changelog
FastReader/MANIFEST                   FastReader MANIFEST
FastReader/t/simple.t                 FastReader Perl test program
FastReader/t/mailarc-1.txt            FastReader input file
t/functionality.t                     A test of the script's correctness
t/gnus.txt                            Input file
t/mailseparators.txt                  Input file
t/mailarc-1.txt                       Input file
t/mailarc-2.txt                       Input file
t/mailarc-2.txt.gz                    Input file
t/mailarc-2.txt.tz                    Input file
t/mailarc-2.txt.bz2                   Input file
t/mailarc-3.txt                       Input file
t/non-mailbox.txt.gz                  Input file
t/directory/mailarc-2.txt             Input file
t/results/test1.stdout.real           Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test1.stderr.real           Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test2.stdout.real           Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test2.stderr.real           Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test3.stdout.real           Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test3.stderr.real           Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test4.stdout.real           Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test4.stderr.real           Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test5.stdout.real           Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test5.stderr.real           Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test6.stdout.real           Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test6.stderr.real           Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test7.stdout.real           Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test7.stderr.real           Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test8.stdout.real           Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test8.stderr.real           Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test9.stdout.real           Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test9.stderr.real           Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test10.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test10.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test11.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test11.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test12.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test12.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test13.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test13.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test14.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test14.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test15.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test15.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test16.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test16.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test17.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test17.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test18.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test18.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test19.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test19.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test20.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test20.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test21.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test21.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test22.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test22.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test23.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test23.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test24.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test24.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test25.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test25.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test26.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test26.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test27.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test27.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test28.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test28.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test29.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test29.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test30.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test30.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test31.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test31.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test32.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test32.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test33.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test33.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test34.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test34.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test35.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test35.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test36.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test36.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test37.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test37.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test38.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test38.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test39.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test39.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test40.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test40.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test41.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test41.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test42.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test42.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test43.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test43.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test44.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test44.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test45.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test45.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test46.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test46.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test47.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test47.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test48.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test48.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test49.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test49.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test50.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test50.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test51.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test51.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test52.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test52.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test53.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test53.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test54.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test54.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test55.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test55.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test56.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test56.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test57.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test57.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test58.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test58.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test59.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test59.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test60.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test60.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test61.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test61.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test62.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test62.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test63.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test63.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test64.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test64.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test65.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test65.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test66.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test66.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test67.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test67.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test68.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test68.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test69.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test69.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test70.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test70.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test71.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test71.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test72.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test72.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test73.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test73.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test74.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test74.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test75.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test75.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test76.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test76.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test77.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test77.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test78.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test78.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test79.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test79.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test80.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test80.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test81.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test81.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test82.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test82.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test83.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test83.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test84.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test84.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test85.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test85.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test86.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test86.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test87.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test87.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test88.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test88.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test89.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test89.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test90.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test90.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test91.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test91.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test92.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test92.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test93.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test93.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test94.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test94.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test95.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test95.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test96.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test96.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test97.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test97.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test98.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test98.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test99.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test99.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test100.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test100.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test101.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test101.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test102.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test102.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test103.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test103.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test104.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test104.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test105.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test105.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test106.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test106.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test107.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test107.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test108.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test108.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test109.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test109.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test110.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test110.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
t/results/test111.stdout.real          Correct STDOUT output file
t/results/test111.stderr.real          Correct STDERR output file
